README.md, before:

# Repository for Master's Thesis

A codebase accompanying the Master's thesis on evaluating fairness across differential privacy techniques in machine learning. The repository includes:
- Data loaders for the `adult`, `acs_income`, and `acs_employment` datasets.
- Model definitions for each dataset.
- Implementations of privacy mechanisms: DP-SGD, PATE, and a novel smooth-sensitivity-based approach.
- Experiment scripts for training, evaluation, and fairness metric computation.

## Repository Structure

- `src/`: Source code for data loading, model architectures, privacy wrappers, training, and evaluation.
- `experiments/`: Configuration files and scripts to run cross-dataset, cross-method experiments.
- `notebooks/`: Jupyter notebooks for exploratory data analysis and prototyping.
- `results/`: Generated outputs, logs, and summary CSVs of experiment results.
- `README.md`: This overview document.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repo_url>
   cd haashim_repo
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run experiments:
   TODO

Commit message:

Add database install instr to README
Make sure to signpost in the slightest way towards the AIF360 downlaod instructions with the end goal of improving the user access of this repository

README.md, after:

# Repository for Master's Thesis

A codebase accompanying the Master's thesis on evaluating fairness across differential privacy techniques in machine learning. The repository includes:
- Data loaders for the `adult`, `acs_income`, and `acs_employment` datasets.
- Model definitions for each dataset.
- Implementations of privacy mechanisms: DP-SGD, PATE, and a novel smooth-sensitivity-based approach.
- Experiment scripts for training, evaluation, and fairness metric computation.

## Repository Structure

- `src/`: Source code for data loading, model architectures, privacy wrappers, training, and evaluation.
- `experiments/`: Configuration files and scripts to run cross-dataset, cross-method experiments.
- `notebooks/`: Jupyter notebooks for exploratory data analysis and prototyping.
- `results/`: Generated outputs, logs, and summary CSVs of experiment results.
- `README.md`: This overview document.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repo_url>
   cd haashim_repo
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Install datasets. For AIF360 fairness datasets, see specific instructions in their corresponding READMEs in the AIF360 source.
4. Run experiments:
   TODO
